<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
"/plugins/org.oasis-open.dita.v1_2/dtd/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">

<task id="creating-gif-adobe">
  <title>Creating an animated GIF from video file on Abode Photoshop CC</title>
    <shortdesc>This is one of many other ways to create animated GIFs. Creating an animated GIF from your own
      personal video files using Adobe Photoshop is easy and simple. Using Adobe Photoshop gives you more
      control over editing and to easily add text.</shortdesc>

  <taskbody>
    <prereq>
      <p>You will need the following before creating an animated GIF through Adobe Photoshop:</p>
        <ul>
          <li>Video file</li>
          <li>Adobe Photoshop CC</li>
        </ul>
    </prereq>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Open up Adobe Photoshop.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Go to <b>Video Frames to Layers</b>.</cmd>
          <info>To get to <b>Video Frames to layers</b>, go to <b>File</b>, then <b>Import</b>. This will allow you to select your
          chosen video.</info>
          <stepresult>A window will appear.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Choose which section of the video file you want to turn into a GIF.</cmd>
          <info>You can turn entire video into a GIF or can select a section.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Go to <b>Timeline</b> view to view each layer the video has been separated into.</cmd>
          <info>The <b>Timeline</b> view allows you to see all of the layers your video has been separated into and makes it easier
          for you to edit either all the layers or only specific ones.</info>
      </step>
      <step importance="optional">
        <cmd>You can choose to add text to the layers.</cmd>
          <substeps>
            <substep>
              <cmd>Select the layer(s) you want text to appear in in <b>Timeline view</b> and in <b>Layer view</b>.</cmd>
            </substep>
            <substep>
              <cmd>Select <b>Text Box</b> from tool bar to click and drag over where you want the text to be located on the
              video layer.</cmd>
            </substep>
            <substep>
              <cmd>Format text to personal preferences.</cmd>
                <info>You can change font type, font color, font size, and font orientation.</info>
                  <stepresult>You have added text to your GIF.</stepresult>
            </substep>
          </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Once completed, save file by going to <b>Save for web</b>.</cmd>
          <info>To get to <b>Save for web</b>, go to <b>File</b>. Save file under GIF format.</info>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
